the word of the Lord came to me again
the word of the Lord came to me again saying what do you mean when you use
saying what do you mean when you use
saying what do you mean when you use this proverb concerning the Land of
this proverb concerning the Land of
this proverb concerning the Land of Israel saying the fathers have eaten
Israel saying the fathers have eaten
Israel saying the fathers have eaten sour grapes and the children's teeth are
sour grapes and the children's teeth are
sour grapes and the children's teeth are set on edge as I live says the Lord God
set on edge as I live says the Lord God
set on edge as I live says the Lord God you shall no longer use this proverb in
you shall no longer use this proverb in
you shall no longer use this proverb in Israel behold all souls are mine the
Israel behold all souls are mine the
Israel behold all souls are mine the soul of the father as well as the soul
soul of the father as well as the soul
soul of the father as well as the soul of the son is mine
of the son is mine
of the son is mine the soul who sins shall die but if a man
the soul who sins shall die but if a man
the soul who sins shall die but if a man is just and does what is lawful and
is just and does what is lawful and
is just and does what is lawful and right if he has not eaten on the
right if he has not eaten on the
right if he has not eaten on the mountains nor lifted up his eyes to the
mountains nor lifted up his eyes to the
mountains nor lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel nor defiled
idols of the house of Israel nor defiled
idols of the house of Israel nor defiled his neighbor's wife nor approached a
his neighbor's wife nor approached a
his neighbor's wife nor approached a woman during her impurity if he has not
woman during her impurity if he has not
woman during her impurity if he has not oppressed anyone but has restored to the
oppressed anyone but has restored to the
oppressed anyone but has restored to the debtor his pledge has robbed no one by
debtor his pledge has robbed no one by
debtor his pledge has robbed no one by violence but has given his bread to the
violence but has given his bread to the
violence but has given his bread to the hungry and covered the naked with
hungry and covered the naked with
hungry and covered the naked with clothing if he has not exactly usury nor
clothing if he has not exactly usury nor
clothing if he has not exactly usury nor taken any increase but has withdrawn his
taken any increase but has withdrawn his
taken any increase but has withdrawn his hand from iniquity and executed true
hand from iniquity and executed true
hand from iniquity and executed true judgment between man and man if he has
judgment between man and man if he has
judgment between man and man if he has walked in my statutes and kept my
walked in my statutes and kept my
walked in my statutes and kept my judgments faithfully he is just he shall
judgments faithfully he is just he shall
judgments faithfully he is just he shall surely
surely
surely if he baguettes a son who is a robber or
if he baguettes a son who is a robber or
if he baguettes a son who is a robber or a shedder of blood who does any of these
a shedder of blood who does any of these
a shedder of blood who does any of these things and does none of those duties but
things and does none of those duties but
things and does none of those duties but has eaten on the mountains or defiled
has eaten on the mountains or defiled
has eaten on the mountains or defiled his neighbor's wife if he has oppressed
his neighbor's wife if he has oppressed
his neighbor's wife if he has oppressed the poor and needy robbed by violence
the poor and needy robbed by violence
the poor and needy robbed by violence not restored the pledge lifted his eyes
not restored the pledge lifted his eyes
not restored the pledge lifted his eyes to the idols or committed abomination if
to the idols or committed abomination if
to the idols or committed abomination if he has exact he'd usually or taken
he has exact he'd usually or taken
he has exact he'd usually or taken increase shall he then live he shall not
increase shall he then live he shall not
increase shall he then live he shall not live if he has done any of these
live if he has done any of these
live if he has done any of these abominations he shall surely die his
abominations he shall surely die his
abominations he shall surely die his blood shall be upon him if however he
blood shall be upon him if however he
blood shall be upon him if however he beget s' a son who sees all the sins
beget s' a son who sees all the sins
beget s' a son who sees all the sins which his father has done and considers
which his father has done and considers
which his father has done and considers but does not do likewise who has not
but does not do likewise who has not
but does not do likewise who has not eaten on the mountains nor lifted his
eaten on the mountains nor lifted his
eaten on the mountains nor lifted his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel
eyes to the idols of the house of Israel
eyes to the idols of the house of Israel nor defiled his neighbor's wife has not
nor defiled his neighbor's wife has not
nor defiled his neighbor's wife has not oppressed anyone nor withheld a pledge
oppressed anyone nor withheld a pledge
oppressed anyone nor withheld a pledge nor robbed by violence but has given his
nor robbed by violence but has given his
nor robbed by violence but has given his bread to the hungry and covered the
bread to the hungry and covered the
bread to the hungry and covered the naked with clothing who has withdrawn
naked with clothing who has withdrawn
naked with clothing who has withdrawn his hand from the poor and not received
his hand from the poor and not received
his hand from the poor and not received usury or increase but has executed my
usury or increase but has executed my
usury or increase but has executed my judgments and walked in my statutes he
judgments and walked in my statutes he
judgments and walked in my statutes he shall not die for the iniquity of his
shall not die for the iniquity of his
shall not die for the iniquity of his father he shall surely live as for his
father he shall surely live as for his
father he shall surely live as for his father because he cruelly oppressed
father because he cruelly oppressed
father because he cruelly oppressed robbed his brother by violence and did
robbed his brother by violence and did
robbed his brother by violence and did what is not good among his people behold
what is not good among his people behold
what is not good among his people behold he shall die for his iniquity
he shall die for his iniquity
he shall die for his iniquity yet you say why should the Sun not bear
yet you say why should the Sun not bear
yet you say why should the Sun not bear the guilt of the father because the son
the guilt of the father because the son
the guilt of the father because the son has done what is lawful and right and
has done what is lawful and right and
has done what is lawful and right and has kept all my statutes and observed
has kept all my statutes and observed
has kept all my statutes and observed then he shall surely live the soul who
then he shall surely live the soul who
then he shall surely live the soul who sins shall die the son shall not bear
sins shall die the son shall not bear
sins shall die the son shall not bear the guilt of the father nor the father
the guilt of the father nor the father
the guilt of the father nor the father bear the guilt of the son the
bear the guilt of the son the
bear the guilt of the son the righteousness of the righteous shall be
righteousness of the righteous shall be
righteousness of the righteous shall be upon himself and the wickedness of the
upon himself and the wickedness of the
upon himself and the wickedness of the wicked shall be upon himself but if a
wicked shall be upon himself but if a
wicked shall be upon himself but if a wicked man turns from all his sins which
wicked man turns from all his sins which
wicked man turns from all his sins which he has permitted keeps all my statutes
he has permitted keeps all my statutes
he has permitted keeps all my statutes and does what is lawful and right he
and does what is lawful and right he
and does what is lawful and right he shall surely live he shall not die none
shall surely live he shall not die none
shall surely live he shall not die none of the transgressions which he has
of the transgressions which he has
of the transgressions which he has committed shall be remembered against
committed shall be remembered against
committed shall be remembered against him because of the righteousness which
him because of the righteousness which
him because of the righteousness which he has done he shall live do I have any
he has done he shall live do I have any
he has done he shall live do I have any pleasure at all that the wicked shall
pleasure at all that the wicked shall
pleasure at all that the wicked shall die says the Lord God and not that he
die says the Lord God and not that he
die says the Lord God and not that he should turn from his ways and live but
should turn from his ways and live but
should turn from his ways and live but when a righteous man turns away from his
when a righteous man turns away from his
when a righteous man turns away from his righteousness and commits iniquity and
righteousness and commits iniquity and
righteousness and commits iniquity and does according to all the abominations
does according to all the abominations
does according to all the abominations that the wicked man does shall he live
that the wicked man does shall he live
that the wicked man does shall he live all the righteousness which he has done
all the righteousness which he has done
all the righteousness which he has done shall not be remembered because of the
shall not be remembered because of the
shall not be remembered because of the unfaithfulness of which he is guilty and
unfaithfulness of which he is guilty and
unfaithfulness of which he is guilty and the sin which he has committed because
the sin which he has committed because
the sin which he has committed because of them he shall die yet you say the way
of them he shall die yet you say the way
of them he shall die yet you say the way of the Lord is not fair
of the Lord is not fair
of the Lord is not fair here now Oh house of Israel is it not my
here now Oh house of Israel is it not my
here now Oh house of Israel is it not my way which is fair and your ways which
way which is fair and your ways which
way which is fair and your ways which are not fair when a righteous man turns
are not fair when a righteous man turns
are not fair when a righteous man turns away from his righteousness commits
away from his righteousness commits
away from his righteousness commits iniquity and dies in it
iniquity and dies in it
iniquity and dies in it it is because of the iniquity which he
it is because of the iniquity which he
it is because of the iniquity which he has done that he dies again when a
has done that he dies again when a
has done that he dies again when a wicked man turns away from the
wicked man turns away from the
wicked man turns away from the wickedness which he committed and does
wickedness which he committed and does
wickedness which he committed and does what is lawful and right he preserves
what is lawful and right he preserves
what is lawful and right he preserves himself alive because he considers and
himself alive because he considers and
himself alive because he considers and turns away from all the transgressions
turns away from all the transgressions
turns away from all the transgressions which he committed he shall surely live
which he committed he shall surely live
which he committed he shall surely live he shall not die yet the house of Israel
he shall not die yet the house of Israel
he shall not die yet the house of Israel says the way of the Lord is not fair o
says the way of the Lord is not fair o
says the way of the Lord is not fair o house of Israel is it not my ways which
house of Israel is it not my ways which
house of Israel is it not my ways which are fair and your ways which are not
are fair and your ways which are not
are fair and your ways which are not fair therefore I will judge you O house
fair therefore I will judge you O house
fair therefore I will judge you O house of Israel every one according to his
of Israel every one according to his
of Israel every one according to his ways says the Lord God repent and turn
ways says the Lord God repent and turn
ways says the Lord God repent and turn from all your transgressions
from all your transgressions
from all your transgressions so that iniquity will not be your ruin
so that iniquity will not be your ruin
so that iniquity will not be your ruin cast away from you all the
cast away from you all the
cast away from you all the transgressions which you have committed
transgressions which you have committed
transgressions which you have committed and get yourselves a new heart and a new
and get yourselves a new heart and a new
and get yourselves a new heart and a new spirit for why should you die o house of
spirit for why should you die o house of
spirit for why should you die o house of Israel for I have no pleasure in the
Israel for I have no pleasure in the
Israel for I have no pleasure in the death of one who dies says the Lord God
therefore turn and live
therefore turn and live [Music]